Xiaole, since you have mixed up again,
The opportunity also protects the assistant, so he continues to stay on the head of Zhen Longzi.
It's big anyway, don't worry,
After a few years, the senior and powerful people were extremely aggressive towards the real dragon.
The military industry is booming after forty years old,
Absolutely no two minds. Yeah?
Okay, let’s continue the series, and arrange for high-level ones in the future.
Made a bill at the company's bill office.
Yes, this is allowed. I am safe!
You brush me! Senior strong so many people are watching,
It's obviously your own fault.
Why are you kidding? Otherwise, you would have been asked to stay in Longji Tuan.
This is how you treat an old employee of the company. Dad, please save me.
I said I'd let you in my father's
I knelt down stupidly for three days in front of my hatred.